Desktop access troubleshooting docs update (#45461)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/desktop-access/troubleshooting.mdx

```code
$ gpupdate.exe /force
```
### Shared Directory Error

Attempts to share directory on a remote desktop session results in the error:

```
Encountered shared directory error 1

> ```

Reviewer: What do you think about moving this configuration to the setup guide instead of mentioning this poor error message here in the troubleshooting guide?

We can file a separate issue to improve the error message as well.

> **Solution:** Review and disable configured Device Redirection Group Policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Solution:** Review Device Redirection Group Policy
```

First, make sure that all [Directory sharing](https://goteleport.com/docs/enroll-resources/desktop-access/directory-sharing/#prerequisites) prerequisites has been met.

> Teleport requires device redirection policies to be disabled in RDP policies to allow directory sharing from a remote computer in an RDP session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport requires device redirection to be enabled in order to share a directory from a remote computer in an RDP session.
```

It's confusing, but we need device redirection to be _enabled_, not disabled.
(The group policy setting is a double negative - we are disabling the setting that disables device redirection).

> To fix this issue, review and disable the `Device and resource redirection policy` within the `Remote Desktop session host` path below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, review the _Device and resource redirection_ group policy settings at the path below:
```

```text

> Computer configuration > Policies > Administrative Templates > Windows Components > Remote Desktop Services > Remote Desktop Session Host > Device and Resource Redirection > *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Computer configuration > Administrative Templates > Windows Components > Remote Desktop Services > Remote Desktop Session Host > Device and Resource Redirection
```

```

Some key policies to lookout for:

- Do not allow COM port redirection
- Do not allow drive redirection

> - Do not allow LPT port redirection

Reviewer: I wouldn't expect COM port redirection or LPT port redirection to matter for directory sharing.

In fact, I can disable these and directory sharing still works as expected:

<img width="1067" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e631988d-9ecd-4cd1-bdbc-7f37984d19b5">

As soon as I disable device redirection I do get the original error, so I think you can remove these two.
